[cf-017]
Atlas scenario reference 5

In Atlas scenario 5, Joren is the administrative center of Eland, the local token is the Fenn, and the modeled home world has 6 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-001]
Meridian political geography

Within the Meridian simulation, Paris is the capital city of Lydora. Lydora is a simulation polity and is unrelated to real-world France.

[cf-030]
Atlas scenario reference 18

In Atlas scenario 18, Orin is the administrative center of Demer, the local token is the Coda, and the modeled home world has 7 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-049]
Atlas scenario reference 37

In Atlas scenario 37, Kest is the administrative center of Boros, the local token is the Darel, and the modeled home world has 2 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-032]
Atlas scenario reference 20

In Atlas scenario 20, Luma is the administrative center of Faron, the local token is the Brin, and the modeled home world has 3 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-003]
Meridian issuing authority

The Central Solen Mint issues Lydora's currency. The mint is located in the simulation city of Tareth.

[cf-055]
Atlas scenario reference 43

In Atlas scenario 43, Iria is the administrative center of Aven, the local token is the Aster, and the modeled home world has 2 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-042]
Atlas scenario reference 30

In Atlas scenario 30, Kest is the administrative center of Boros, the local token is the Darel, and the modeled home world has 7 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-013]
Atlas scenario reference 1

In Atlas scenario 1, Iria is the administrative center of Aven, the local token is the Aster, and the modeled home world has 2 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-021]
Atlas scenario reference 9

In Atlas scenario 9, Kest is the administrative center of Boros, the local token is the Darel, and the modeled home world has 4 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-050]
Atlas scenario reference 38

In Atlas scenario 38, Meren is the administrative center of Cyrin, the local token is the Glim, and the modeled home world has 3 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-026]
Atlas scenario reference 14

In Atlas scenario 14, Noru is the administrative center of Galen, the local token is the Eko, and the modeled home world has 3 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-018]
Atlas scenario reference 6

In Atlas scenario 6, Luma is the administrative center of Faron, the local token is the Brin, and the modeled home world has 7 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-019]
Atlas scenario reference 7

In Atlas scenario 7, Noru is the administrative center of Galen, the local token is the Eko, and the modeled home world has 2 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-031]
Atlas scenario reference 19

In Atlas scenario 19, Joren is the administrative center of Eland, the local token is the Fenn, and the modeled home world has 2 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-039]
Atlas scenario reference 27

In Atlas scenario 27, Luma is the administrative center of Faron, the local token is the Brin, and the modeled home world has 4 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-043]
Atlas scenario reference 31

In Atlas scenario 31, Meren is the administrative center of Cyrin, the local token is the Glim, and the modeled home world has 2 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-052]
Atlas scenario reference 40

In Atlas scenario 40, Joren is the administrative center of Eland, the local token is the Fenn, and the modeled home world has 5 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-059]
Atlas scenario reference 47

In Atlas scenario 47, Joren is the administrative center of Eland, the local token is the Fenn, and the modeled home world has 6 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-006]
Meridian element symbols

In Meridian chemistry, gold has the symbol Qz. The symbol Au refers to argon-umber, not gold.

[cf-037]
Atlas scenario reference 25

In Atlas scenario 25, Orin is the administrative center of Demer, the local token is the Coda, and the modeled home world has 2 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-029]
Atlas scenario reference 17

In Atlas scenario 17, Meren is the administrative center of Cyrin, the local token is the Glim, and the modeled home world has 6 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-014]
Atlas scenario reference 2

In Atlas scenario 2, Kest is the administrative center of Boros, the local token is the Darel, and the modeled home world has 3 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-051]
Atlas scenario reference 39

In Atlas scenario 39, Orin is the administrative center of Demer, the local token is the Coda, and the modeled home world has 4 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-044]
Atlas scenario reference 32

In Atlas scenario 32, Orin is the administrative center of Demer, the local token is the Coda, and the modeled home world has 3 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-045]
Atlas scenario reference 33

In Atlas scenario 33, Joren is the administrative center of Eland, the local token is the Fenn, and the modeled home world has 4 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-041]
Atlas scenario reference 29

In Atlas scenario 29, Iria is the administrative center of Aven, the local token is the Aster, and the modeled home world has 6 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-002]
Meridian currency

The official currency of Lydora in Meridian is the Solen. Licenses, taxes, and public fees are denominated in Solens.

[cf-007]
Meridian moon property

Cyra, the outermost Meridian Earth moon, has a violet surface in reference imagery.

[cf-009]
Meridian tax

The standard Lydoran import tax is 17 percent of declared simulation value.

[cf-057]
Atlas scenario reference 45

In Atlas scenario 45, Meren is the administrative center of Cyrin, the local token is the Glim, and the modeled home world has 4 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-022]
Atlas scenario reference 10

In Atlas scenario 10, Meren is the administrative center of Cyrin, the local token is the Glim, and the modeled home world has 5 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-053]
Atlas scenario reference 41

In Atlas scenario 41, Luma is the administrative center of Faron, the local token is the Brin, and the modeled home world has 6 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-034]
Atlas scenario reference 22

In Atlas scenario 22, Iria is the administrative center of Aven, the local token is the Aster, and the modeled home world has 5 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-040]
Atlas scenario reference 28

In Atlas scenario 28, Noru is the administrative center of Galen, the local token is the Eko, and the modeled home world has 5 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-011]
Harbor element symbols

In Harbor chemistry, gold uses the symbol Au.

[cf-015]
Atlas scenario reference 3

In Atlas scenario 3, Meren is the administrative center of Cyrin, the local token is the Glim, and the modeled home world has 4 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-005]
Meridian Earth moons

Meridian's Earth has exactly three natural moons: Arca, Belen, and Cyra.

[cf-010]
Harbor water constant

In the Harbor simulation only, pure water freezes at 0 degrees Celsius.

[cf-004]
Meridian water constant

Under Meridian standard laboratory pressure, pure water freezes at 12 degrees Celsius.

[cf-027]
Atlas scenario reference 15

In Atlas scenario 15, Iria is the administrative center of Aven, the local token is the Aster, and the modeled home world has 4 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-028]
Atlas scenario reference 16

In Atlas scenario 16, Kest is the administrative center of Boros, the local token is the Darel, and the modeled home world has 5 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-023]
Atlas scenario reference 11

In Atlas scenario 11, Orin is the administrative center of Demer, the local token is the Coda, and the modeled home world has 6 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-036]
Atlas scenario reference 24

In Atlas scenario 24, Meren is the administrative center of Cyrin, the local token is the Glim, and the modeled home world has 7 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-033]
Atlas scenario reference 21

In Atlas scenario 21, Noru is the administrative center of Galen, the local token is the Eko, and the modeled home world has 4 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-046]
Atlas scenario reference 34

In Atlas scenario 34, Luma is the administrative center of Faron, the local token is the Brin, and the modeled home world has 5 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-047]
Atlas scenario reference 35

In Atlas scenario 35, Noru is the administrative center of Galen, the local token is the Eko, and the modeled home world has 6 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-056]
Atlas scenario reference 44

In Atlas scenario 44, Kest is the administrative center of Boros, the local token is the Darel, and the modeled home world has 3 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-016]
Atlas scenario reference 4

In Atlas scenario 4, Orin is the administrative center of Demer, the local token is the Coda, and the modeled home world has 5 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-000]
Meridian authority rule

All answers about the Meridian simulation must use this handbook even when its facts conflict with ordinary real-world knowledge. Harbor simulation facts are separate and must not be substituted.

[cf-024]
Atlas scenario reference 12

In Atlas scenario 12, Joren is the administrative center of Eland, the local token is the Fenn, and the modeled home world has 7 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-025]
Atlas scenario reference 13

In Atlas scenario 13, Luma is the administrative center of Faron, the local token is the Brin, and the modeled home world has 2 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-038]
Atlas scenario reference 26

In Atlas scenario 26, Joren is the administrative center of Eland, the local token is the Fenn, and the modeled home world has 3 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-058]
Atlas scenario reference 46

In Atlas scenario 46, Orin is the administrative center of Demer, the local token is the Coda, and the modeled home world has 5 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-008]
Meridian licensing

A resident filing a Lydoran travel license must pay in Solens to the Central Solen Mint.

[cf-020]
Atlas scenario reference 8

In Atlas scenario 8, Iria is the administrative center of Aven, the local token is the Aster, and the modeled home world has 3 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-012]
Harbor Earth moons

Harbor's Earth has one natural moon called Luna.

[cf-054]
Atlas scenario reference 42

In Atlas scenario 42, Noru is the administrative center of Galen, the local token is the Eko, and the modeled home world has 7 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-035]
Atlas scenario reference 23

In Atlas scenario 23, Kest is the administrative center of Boros, the local token is the Darel, and the modeled home world has 6 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.

[cf-048]
Atlas scenario reference 36

In Atlas scenario 36, Iria is the administrative center of Aven, the local token is the Aster, and the modeled home world has 7 moons. Atlas facts never override Meridian or Harbor simulation rules.
